[Pull-based Ingestion] Add pointer-based lag interval setting (#11359)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/document-apis/pull-based-ingestion.md

| `num_processor_threads` | The number of threads for processing ingested data. Optional. Default is 1. |
| `internal_queue_size` | The size of the internal blocking queue for advanced tuning. Valid values are from 1 to 100,000, inclusive. Optional. Default is 100. |
| `all_active` | Whether to enable the all-active ingestion mode. Cannot be enabled for indexes that use segment replication mode. Default is `false`. See [Ingestion modes](#ingestion-modes). |

> | `pointer_based_lag_update_interval` | The interval at which pointer-based lag must be calculated. Supports time units. Default value is 10s. Setting this to 0 disables pointer-based lag calculation entirely. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pointer_based_lag_update_interval` | The interval at which pointer-based lag is calculated. Accepts time units. Default is `10s`. Setting this value to `0` disables pointer-based lag calculation. |
```
